Enum entries use api params (#368)
twosigma/znai: znai-docs/documentation/snippets/java-doc.md

 
    :include-java-enum-entries: MyEnum.java {excludeDeprecated: true}

:include-java-enum-entries: MyEnum.java {excludeDeprecated: true}

# Enum Entries With References

> Use [Code References](snippets/code-references) file to link enum entries to reference pages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use a [Code References](snippets/code-references) file to link enum entries to reference pages.
```

To do that, define references in a CSV file, using a two column format: `enum-name, link`.

:include-file: references/javadoc-references-demo.csv {title: "references/javadoc-references-demo.csv"}

:include-file: TransactionTypes.java {title: "TransactionTypes.java"}

    :include-java-enum-entries: TransactionTypes.java {
        referencesPath: "references/javadoc-references-demo.csv"
    }
    
:include-java-enum-entries: TransactionTypes.java {referencesPath: "references/javadoc-references-demo.csv"}

Enums are now linked with a reference section for the documentation. 

> Note: you can re-use the same CSV file for Enums, Parameters, Code Snippets. Or you can use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: you can reuse the same CSV file for Enums, Parameters, Code Snippets. Alternatively, you can use
```
